Track 09.09
Researcher: Excuse me, sir.
Do you have time to answer a holiday questionnaire?
Man in Street: Er, yes. OK.
Researcher: Thank you. Right,
my first question is:
When was your last holiday?
Man in Street: Oh, in autumn.
We usually go on holiday in summer,
but this year we went in autumn.
Researcher: Did you stay in the UK
or did you go to another country?
Man in Street: I went to Faro in Portugal with my wife.
The children didn’t want to come, so they stayed at home.
Researcher: How did you get there?
Man in Street: Well my wife doesn’t like
flying, so we went by ship
from England to Spain, then we took a train to Faro.
Researcher: How long was your holiday?
Man in Street: Three weeks.
Researcher: Did you stay in a hotel?
Man in Street: No, we didn’t.
One of our friends has a house near the beach and we stayed there.
It was our second holiday there.
Researcher: Do you speak Portuguese?
Man in Street: No, but I learned a few phrases before we left England.
Researcher: Why didn’t you stay in the UK for your holiday?
Man in Street: Because Portugal has better weather! England is often
cold and rainy in autumn.
Researcher: OK,
and my next question is...